Credit card fraud dataset (#60)
deephaven/examples: CreditCardFraud/README.md

> # Credit Card Fraud Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Credit card fraud data
```

> This directory contains a [credit card purchase dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud).  The data set contains anonymized parameters for 48 hours worth of purchases by European cardholders.  There are 284,807 purchases in total, and 492 of them are fraudulent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a [credit card purchase dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud) with anonymized parameters for 48 hours worth of purchases by European cardholders.  There are 284,807 purchases in total, and 492 of them are fraudulent.
```

## Fields in `creditcard.csv`

The `creditcard.csv` file contains 31 columns of data.  These columns are:

- **Time** - The integer number of seconds after the first purchase in the file.
- **V1 - V28** - The 28 anonymized PCA transformed purchase parameters.
- **Amount** - The purchase amount in Euros.

> - **Class** - A flag indicating a valid (0) or fraudulent (1) purchase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Class** - A flag indicating a valid (0) or fraudulent (1) purchase.
```

# Source and license

> This data is taken directly from [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com).  It is provided here for demonstrative use without any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data.  Credit for the dataset goes to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data is taken directly from [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com).  It is provided here for demonstrative use without any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data.  

Credit for the dataset goes to:
```

Reviewer: This looks more like a Works Cited List. How about, "The following sources contributed to this dataset:"

> Andrea Dal Pozzolo, Olivier Caelen, Reid A. Johnson and Gianluca Bontempi. [Calibrating Probability with Undersampling for Unbalanced Classification](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/283349138_Calibrating_Probability_with_Undersampling_for_Unbalanced_Classification). In Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Data Mining (CIDM), IEEE, 2015

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dal Pozzolo, Andrea,  Olivier Caelen, Reid A. Johnson and Gianluca Bontempi. [Calibrating Probability with Undersampling for Unbalanced Classification](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/283349138_Calibrating_Probability_with_Undersampling_for_Unbalanced_Classification). In Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Data Mining (CIDM), IEEE, 2015
```

Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Caelen, Olivier; Le Borgne, Yann-Ael; Waterschoot, Serge; Bontempi, Gianluca. [Learned lessons in credit card fraud detection from a practitioner perspective](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/260837261_Learned_lessons_in_credit_card_fraud_detection_from_a_practitioner_perspective), Expert systems with applications,41,10,4915-4928,2014, Pergamon

Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Boracchi, Giacomo; Caelen, Olivier; Alippi, Cesare; Bontempi, Gianluca. [Credit card fraud detection: a realistic modeling and a novel learning strategy](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/319867396_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_A_Realistic_Modeling_and_a_Novel_Learning_Strategy), IEEE transactions on neural networks and learning systems,29,8,3784-3797,2018,IEEE

Dal Pozzolo, Andrea [Adaptive Machine learning for credit card fraud detection](http://di.ulb.ac.be/map/adalpozz/pdf/Dalpozzolo2015PhD.pdf) ULB MLG PhD thesis (supervised by G. Bontempi)

> Carcillo, Fabrizio; Dal Pozzolo, Andrea; Le Borgne, Yann-Aël; Caelen, Olivier; Mazzer, Yannis; Bontempi, Gianluca. [Scarff: a scalable framework for streaming credit card fraud detection with Spark](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/319616537_SCARFF_a_Scalable_Framework_for_Streaming_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_with_Spark), Information fusion,41, 182-194,2018,Elsevier

Reviewer: can we alphabetize this? Bertrand first

# Credit card fraud data

> This directory contains a [credit card purchase dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud) with anonymized parameters for 48 hours worth of purchases by European cardholders.  There are 284,807 purchases in total, and 492 of them are fraudulent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory contains a [credit card purchase dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud) with anonymized parameters.  48 hours of purchases by European cardholders are recorded.  There are 284,807 purchases in total, and 492 of them are fraudulent.
```

## Fields in `creditcard.csv`

The `creditcard.csv` file contains 31 columns of data.  These columns are:

- **Time** - The integer number of seconds after the first purchase in the file.
- **V1 - V28** - The 28 anonymized PCA transformed purchase parameters.
- **Amount** - The purchase amount in Euros.
- **Class** - A flag indicating a valid (0) or fraudulent (1) purchase.

# Source and license

> This data is taken directly from [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com).  It is provided here for demonstrative use without any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This data was obtained from [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com).  It is provided here for demonstrative use without any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data.  
```
